Is happen when i was 17 years old i would go to the gym three to four times a week and write the boss home it was a sunday and i just miss my boss so i don't wait logger for another one. 
I want to call my parents but they were out for the evening and tax is charged more so i decided to sit and wait the bus shelter. 
It was a cold night and so i just started papering the ground. 
My boss was taking longer than usual also i got my phone out listen to some music. 
Almost an hour had pass. 
I wasn't talented something out of the corner of my eye. 
It was a creepy guy dressed and thick layers of clothing walking slowly towards me. 
Are you staring at him with your more attention so i just focus on my phone. 
He sat down at the other end of the shelter and just stared at me. 
There is something off about him. 
You see my keyboard on drugs. 
Hidden asked what is the poster. 
I took out my earphones and sad. 
I forget to la. 
Because of the snow. 
Yesterday me for wild and started mamla in terms of. 
He was really started to create me outside pretended to be on my phone. 
After couple of minutes i took another work. 
Hybrid crossed by. 
I want to wait for a second then heard the sound of him sliding even closer i turned to women said. 
You ok there. 
Instead me with classic eyes lifted his army towards me. 
Immediately i grab my bag and ram and she fell to the ground. 
I didn't download drive my heart is not to look back i kept going into i got to the next bus stop. 
I turned around to talk to siri was there. 
He was gone so i want to sit down. 
Feeling relieved arrested my head on the back of the glass and waited for the bus. 
I got it in turn around to see the same guys steering to be through the glass. 
What the hell is wrong with you. 
Can you started walking around the shelter towards me. 
I am warning you stay back. 
I used in panic as i was backing up i want to run but i left my bag in the shelter and i couldn't live without it. 
Suddenly the man lived with me in a quickly move out of the way he felt to the ground face first. 
My frozen shock the notice the blood coming from his face. 
I try to get a response at him but nothing work. 
I call the police and paramedics and their right shortly after i told them what it happened to me told me that the guy was on prescription drugs the founder photo when is world of even his son the boy look just like me so we assume thought i was him. 
I later learn that you lost his son in the custody battle in one of the rails. 
I got my drivers licence shortly after and have never been on a bus since. 
